Q1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
Ans> Functions are advantegous because they make the code reusable, they reduce duplication of code, they make the program more readable and modular.

Q2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
Ans> The code in a function runs when it is called

Q3. What statement creates a function?
Ans> The "def" statement

Q4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
Ans> A function contains a set of operations but they are not exacuted untill the funcation is being called later on, through the function call

Q5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
Ans>There is 1 global scope in a Python program. There are unlimited local scopes

Q6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
Ans> The variables in a local scope are not recognized once the function call returns. If we try to use variables in a local scope after the function call returns, we will get an error that the variables are not defined

Q7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
Ans> Return value helps a function to return values after completing the operations it was defined for. Yes, we can have a return value in an expression

Q8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
Ans> None

Q9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
Ans> By using the "global" keyword

Q10. What is the data type of None?
Ans> NoneType

Q11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
Ans> It throws up an error that there is no module named 'areallyourpetsnamederic'

Q12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, how would you call it after importing spam?
Ans> spam.bacon()

Q13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
Ans> We can use exception handling by employing try and except blocks

Q14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
Ans> In the try clause, all statements are executed until an exception is encountered. 
Except clause is used to catch and handle the exception(s) that are encountered in the try clause.
